# Game Sales 

# About the dataset 
This dataset contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies. It was generated by a scrape of vgchartz.com.

Fields include: 

* Rank - Ranking of overall sales

* Name - The games name

* Platform - Platform of the games release (i.e. PC,PS4, etc.)

* Year - Year of the game's release

* Genre - Genre of the game

* Publisher - Publisher of the game

* NA_Sales - Sales in North America (in millions)

* EU_Sales - Sales in Europe (in millions)

* JP_Sales - Sales in Japan (in millions)

* Other_Sales - Sales in the rest of the world (in millions)

* Global_Sales - Total worldwide sales.

The script to scrape the data is available at https://github.com/GregorUT/vgchartzScrape.
It is based on BeautifulSoup using Python.
There are 16,598 records. 2 records were dropped due to incomplete information.

# Problem
The sales department wants to release a new game, but they do not have enough information. Therefore, they need that you guide them in this new project. 

For that, you must start by **answering some questions**:

1. What are the top-selling game genres in the past six years in North America and Global?
2. What platforms are the most popular among gamers in North America and Global?
3. Which publisher has the most successful games in terms of sales?
4. Are there any significant differences in game sales between different publishers?
5. Are there any correlations between the release year and the sales of the game?


In the end, they want **a report containing the answers**.
